hey k threads i'm your host Giselle
espera knowledge today is Friday August
16 2013 today's episode of Cannes camp
report is featuring everything you need
to know about the second scrimmage of
fall training camp so let's take a look
I can't believe you like the right here
far too coming to get it I inside these
laws
turns over yeah
on your feet hey let's go baby let's set
the tone let's head to toe do you and me
I said it's all right well guess that
rough
hey we take it reach you gotta do our
job you know I play hey we will honest
true its prey to Fairfield would take me
here with Shane McDermott chain how did
your scrimmage go today one went pretty
well you know we executed a lot of plays
you know we're finally at that fast game
tempo throughout camp and I think it
went pretty well as an offense we did
the executing and what about your
individual performance in today's
scrimmage nothing I did it pretty well
you know I always got room to improve
and you know coming we're gonna watch
this game film tomorrow morning and go
back out and improve on my technique all
right what are some of the things you're
looking forward to this season well I've
definitely like we're just looking
forward to the fau game right now we're
just taking it one game at a time and
just excited to finally get out there
and play as an offense all right things
same things you were joining us here
with Kacy Rodgers a second k see how was
your summer how was your practice today
it was good I mean as a whole as a
defense you know we got a lot better
especially since the first scrimmage and
that's exactly what we want to do every
day we want to get better so that's what
we did what about your individual
performance today you know some of the
things that you've been putting it in
from practice now to the scrimmage you
know my coaches always talk about me
about finish and making communicating
and getting everybody together so that's
exactly what I did I finished better and
as a safety no I had to communicate
better I'm here with her waters her
scrimmage is over how is your
performance today um I think I did
pretty well nice catch yeah headless saw
mommy I'll be work we've been working at
all I'll we can practice so I tried to
take my turn into the game there's most
important some opportunity minute when
it comes how do you work on improving
your speed
every day I mean during the offseason
working with shwayze having swelled my
weight on the weight room in the squat
they're working out and doom doing
mostly the older guys wait on a little
more stronger than me so I try to do
that wait Carl I haven't heard that I do
hit way card and away from white as well
well now you made some big plays Stephen
Morris steps up her waters over the
middle there he goes he's off to the
races to the 15 to the 10 the 5
touchdown her water Morris again long
ball wide open Phillip Dorsett no one is
gonna touch him he is gonna walk into
the end zone number four with the big
play Morris again Jimmy reads in nice
play defensively Bryan wins he'll throw
over the middle freshman stacy coley
makes a nice Juke dies in the end zone
and that's a touchdown Danny dill are
gonna get the handoff Angelotti Hamilton
blows him up from behind get into the
backfield Bryan wins in the red zone
going over the top and cut Bo Sandlin on
Jerome Williams to Stacy Coley in the
end zone that's a touchdown great play
and those are your top plays and that
does it for tonight's scrimmage here at
cobb stadium remember if you haven't
bought your seats for the 2013 football
season go online to Kane tix calm follow
the latest news and updates at hurricane
sport's calm and on twitter at hurricane
sports i'm your host giselle Espen
allah's thanks for watching
you
careful making wishes in
don't be so winning it
I mean
Oh
you